business operations on the database:
we should not perform business operations on the underlying database directly:
1. BSE/NSE Stock Exchange agents should be knowing the IT Technology, and should be good sql queries and database technology to perform operations on the underlying database which is not true
2. If the agents has to perform the operations on the underlying database, they should construct complex sql queries in managing to query/store the data. but there is no guarantee the queries they have written are correct and produces acurate/desired output due to which the organization might run into huge losses
3. since these queries are not validated, performing any data manipulation operations directly on the database could be harmful, because incorrect query might corrupt all the data on the underlying database
4. since the data is not validated, invalid data might inserted/added into the database
5. it takes lot of time to carry-out business operations in constructing the queries manually in carrying the operations and might be errorneous as well.
So always it is adviced not to perform operations on the underlying data of the database directly, always use an software applications 
for perform business operations and managing the data on the underlying database

advantages of software applications:
1. any one can carry the business operations with no knowledge on IT, they should only posses business knowledge
2. no need to construct queries in retrieving/storing the data, the developer aspart of the application itself has pre-coded these queries through which the operations are performed on the database. Since these are pre-coded, pre-tested/validated there is no chance something goes wrong while performing the operations on the underlying database. Always carrying business operations through software application is Safe aswell.
3. The application always validates the data that is provided, so there is no chance that bad data enters into the system
4. saves huge time!